♪
EVERY YEAR, I CHOOSE FOUR
STUDENTS TO COME WORK FOR ME.
THE TOP STUDENT GETS THIS.
PREVIOUSLY ON "HOW TO GET AWAY
WITH MURDER"...
OH, MY GOD.
GET THE HELL OUT.
WES. HE'S IN
YOUR WIFE'S CLASS, TOO.
I'M SORRY.
WHO'S YOUR WIFE?
PROFESSOR KEATING.
THERE SHE IS.
REBECCA, I KIND OF HAD
A WEIRD NIGHT.
COULD USE A DRINK.
SORRY.
Reporter:
POLICE ARE CONFIRMING
A WOMAN'S BODY WAS FOUND
ON MIDDLETON'S CAMPUS.
I BET YOU
THE BOYFRIEND DID IT.
EITHER WE ALL AGREE
OR WE STOP RIGHT NOW.
JUST DO IT.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO DESTROY THE DNA.
[ CROWD CHEERING ]
[ CROWD CHANTING
"MIDDLETON! MIDDLETON!" ]
HE SHOULD BE HERE
BY NOW.
IT'S FINE.
WHAT IF IT'S NOT?
MICHAELA.
WHAT IF THEY GOT CAUGHT
OR WENT TO THE POLICE
OR SHE CONVINCED HIM
TO PIN IT ON US?
WES WOULDN'T DO THAT.
HE WOULDN'T, BUT SHE WOULD.
STOP, OKAY?
IT'S GOING TO BE FINE.
NO, THINK ABOUT IT.
HOW WE GOT HERE --
IT'S ALL HER FAULT.
IT'S NOT HER FAULT.
WE'RE ALL TO BLAME.
NO, I'M GONNA CALL AIDEN.
MICHAELA!
NO, I NEVER AGREED
TO THIS!
BECAUSE YOU HAD A MELTDOWN!
YOU COULD BARELY FORM
A SENTENCE.
SO SHUT UP, SIT DOWN,
AND STOP ACTING LIKE
A LITTLE BITCH BABY.
DO NOT TELL ME
HOW TO FEEL RIGHT NOW!
Wes: HEY!
AAH!
SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG.
I WENT BACK FOR THIS.
NOTHING NEW?
[ SIGHS ]
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE IT.
MAKES SENSE.
ALL THE TIME HER BODY WAS
IN THAT WATER TANK
PROBABLY DESTROYED
ANY EVIDENCE.
I'M GONNA BE HOME LATE.
DEAN JOVICH WANTS ME
AT THE MEETING
ABOUT HOW TO HANDLE
THE GRIEF COUNSELING.
REALLY?
BECAUSE YOU KNEW HER?
BECAUSE HE WANTS
SOMEONE THERE
FROM THE PSYCH DEPARTMENT.
MM.
BUT WHO KNOWS?
MAYBE THAT'S PART OF IT,
TOO.
I'VE GOT CLASS.
Annalise: THE QUESTION I'M ASKED
MOST OFTEN AS A DEFENSE ATTORNEY
IS WHETHER I CAN TELL IF MY
CLIENTS ARE INNOCENT OR GUILTY.
AND MY ANSWER
IS ALWAYS THE SAME.
I DON'T CARE.
AND IT'S NOT BECAUSE
I'M HEARTLESS,
ALTHOUGH THAT'S UP FOR DEBATE,
BUT BECAUSE MY CLIENTS,
LIKE ALL OF US
HERE IN THIS ROOM, LIE.
AND THAT MAKES THEM UNKNOWABLE.
TAKE MR. MILLSTONE, HERE.
ARE YOU REALLY
WHO YOU SAY YOU ARE,
OR ARE THERE OTHER SORDID
DETAILS THAT WE'RE MISSING?
CRIMINAL RECORD, DIVORCE, AN
ACTUAL SKELETON IN YOUR CLOSET?
I CAN ASSURE YOU I'VE,
UH, I'VE NEVER HURT A FLY.
SO YOU SAY.
LOOK AROUND YOU.
AT THE QUIET GIRL
YOU SHARE NOTES WITH,
THE CUTE GUY
YOU HAVE A CRUSH ON,
THE GUNNER WHO TALKS TOO MUCH
IN CLASS,
AND ASK YOURSELVES, DO YOU KNOW
WHO ANYONE REALLY IS?
YOUR INSTINCTS BETTER BE GOOD,
OR YOU'LL FIND YOURSELF
CHOOSING THE WRONG PEOPLE
TO MAKE A STUDY GROUP WITH,
TO SLEEP WITH, OR EVEN MARRY.
JUST ASK MARJORIE ST. VINCENT,
HEIR TO HER FAMILY'S
BILLION-DOLLAR
DEPARTMENT-STORE FORTUNE
UNTIL SHE WAS STABBED 16 TIMES
IN THE MASTER BEDROOM
OF HER GLADWYNE MANSION.
THE ALLEGED KILLER --
HER HUSBAND, OF COURSE.
MAX ST. VINCENT.
Max:
I MET MARJORIE IN PARIS.
I WAS SHOPPING FOR MY DAUGHTER
ELOISE'S FOURTH BIRTHDAY.
MY WIFE HAD JUST PASSED.
I NEEDED SOMETHING
[CLICKS TONGUE] SPECIAL.
WHEN MARJORIE SAW ME
STRUGGLING TO SPEAK
TO THE OWNER IN FRENCH,
WELL, FROM THE MINUTE SHE OPENED
HER MOUTH TO TRANSLATE,
I KNEW THIS WAS
THE WOMAN FOR ME.
AND 20 YEARS LATER,
SHE'S STILL THE ONLY WOMAN
WHO KNEW HOW TO MAKE ME HAPPY.
WELL, AS MUCH AS ANYBODY
CAN BE HAPPY
IN AN INSTITUTION
AS BARBARIC AS A MARRIAGE.
DON'T YOU AGREE,
MS. KEATING?
LET'S KEEP IT MOVING.
I ASKED MAX
TO PRESERVE THE CRIME SCENE
UNTIL AFTER THE TRIAL
WAS OVER.
YOU NEVER KNOW
WHAT FORENSIC CLUES YOU'LL FIND
TO HELP OUR CASE LATER.
AND THE ROOM NEEDED
SOME COLOR, ANYWAY.
YOU GONNA THROW UP?
NO. I'M GOOD.
Annalise:
LOOK AROUND, TAKE PHOTOS,
BE THE FRESH EYES WE NEED
TO HELP THIS CASE.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
IS IT TIME?
I THINK IT IS.
I NEED A VOLUNTEER.
LADIES?
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'LL DO IT.
VERY WELL.
YOU'RE ABOUT AS PRETTY
AS MY WIFE WAS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YEAH.
NOW...
ON THE BED.
THE FORENSIC REPORT CLAIMS
THAT MARJORIE
WAS IN BED READING
WHEN I JOINED HER
WITH, UH...AH!
YOUR PEN, DEAR. PEN.
THE KNIFE,
WHICH I HID, LIKE THIS.
THEN I PRETENDED...
TO INITIATE SEXUAL RELATIONS.
AND JUST AS WE WERE
ABOUT TO KISS...
I STRUCK.
[ GASPS ]
BUT MISSED,
HITTING THE CAROTID ARTERY,
WHICH WAS NOW SQUIRTING
LIKE A LOOSE FIRE HOSE,
HENCE THE WALLS,
SO THEN I STRUCK AGAIN,
NUMBER TWO.
HIT HERE.
FOLLOWED BY NUMBER THREE,
HERE.
NUMBER FOUR, FIVE,
SIX, SEVEN.
[ GRUNTING ]
SIXTEEN.
[ SIGHS ]
SHEESH.
OR SO THAT'S
THE PROSECUTION'S THEORY.
THEORY?
[ LAUGHS ]
GOOD LUCK PROVING THAT,
HUH?
OH.
[ SIGHS ]
THE MURDER BOOK,
GIVEN TO US BY THE PROSECUTION
WITH ALL THE EVIDENCE
THEY'VE GATHERED IN MAX'S CASE.
GO THROUGH IT.
FIND THE HOLES TO HELP GET
OUR GUY A "NOT GUILTY."
MAX SAID THERE WERE THREE
OFFICERS AT THE SCENE,
BUT ONLY TWO
WERE ON THE REPORT.
WE NEED THE ORIGINALS.
I WAS THINKING
WE SEND THE PUPPY.
SMART.
MR. GIBBONS,
MY OFFICE NOW.
WHAT DO WE THINK
IS GOING ON THERE?
Asher: WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WE ALL EARNED OUR SPOT HERE,
RIGHT?
BUT WAIT LIST?
DON'T CALL HIM THAT.
MAYBE HE'S HER SECRET BABY,
LIKE SHE GAVE HIM UP
FOR ADOPTION AND HE
DOESN'T EVEN KNOW.
BECAUSE ALL BLACK PEOPLE
ARE RELATED.
WHAT? NO.
I-I WASN'T --
MY POINT IS,
SOMETHING IS GOING ON.
OTHERWISE, WHY WOULD HE BE HERE?
WHY ARE ANY OF YOU HERE?
THAT'S THE QUESTION
I'M STILL ASKING MYSELF.
Annalise: FRANK SAYS THAT
YOU'RE HAVING SECOND THOUGHTS
ABOUT THE JOB.
AND WHAT FRANK THINKS,
I USUALLY AGREE WITH.
SO...
IS HE RIGHT?
ARE YOU REGRETTING YOUR DECISION
TO JOIN US?
NO.
I'M HAPPY TO BE HERE.
GOOD.
LET'S GIVE YOU MORE
RESPONSIBILITY, THEN.
GO TO THIS POLICE DEPARTMENT
AND GET
THE SUPPLEMENTAL ARREST REPORT
FOR MR. ST. VINCENT.
DON'T GIVE YOUR NAME
OR MINE.
YOU THINK
YOU COULD HANDLE THAT?
YES.
THANK YOU.
NOW GET OUT.
I JUST NEED THE SUPPLEMENTAL
ARREST REPORT
ON MAX ST. VINCENT.
ARE YOU FLIPPING
KIDDING ME?
WHAT?
OF COURSE YOU'RE NOT.
LUCINDA TEACHES YOU THIS
WHEN YOU START WORKING
FOR HER, RIGHT?
THAT THE REST OF US ONLY EXIST
TO SERVE THE D.A.'s OFFICE?
D.A.'s OFFICE?
IT'S LIKE THAT WOMAN LOOKS
FOR WAYS TO WASTE MY TIME.
YOU CAN TELL THAT
TO LUCINDA, OKAY?
SURE.
[ SIGHS ]
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
THE DUMB STRIPPERS UPSTAIRS
MUST HAVE FLUSHED THEIR DRUGS
DOWN THE TOILET,
BECAUSE NOW
THERE'S DISGUSTINGNESS
COMING OUT OF
MY SHOWER DRAIN.
CAN I USE YOURS?
UH --
I'LL JUST BE A MINUTE.
I CAN'T SLEEP TILL
I'VE WASHED ALL THE BEER
AND FRAT-BOY STENCH
OFF OF ME.
RIGHT.
WOW.
NO OFFENSE.
I THINK I LIKED
RUDY'S SETUP BETTER.
UH, RUDY?
YEAH, HE'S THE FREAK
WHO LIVED HERE BEFORE YOU.
YOU ACTUALLY KIND OF
REMIND ME OF HIM.
PROBABLY BECAUSE YOU BOTH
HAVE THAT CRAZED LOOK
ON YOUR FACE ALL THE TIME.
IT'S PROBABLY
A LAW-SCHOOL THING, RIGHT?
I GUESS.
UH...
I SHOULD GET BACK
TO THIS WORK.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
SHUT UP!
IT'S TWO AGAINST TWO.
WE HAVE NO OTHER CHOICE.
WE FLIP A COIN.
THAT IS THE DUMBEST THING
YOU'VE EVER SAID.
I'M NOT LETTING A FREAKING
COIN DECIDE WHETHER OR NOT
I GO TO JAIL TONIGHT!
WE DON'T HAVE TIME
TO FIGHT!
WE NEED TO MAKE A DECISION
AND COMMIT TO IT.
SO IF SOMEONE HAS A BETTER IDEA,
SAY IT NOW!
HEADS, WE GET THE BODY.
TAILS,
WE LEAVE IT WHERE IT IS. OKAY?
HEADS.
WE GO BACK FOR THE BODY.
LET'S GO!
Reporter: BREAKING NEWS ON
THE LILA STANGARD MURDER HERE.
POLICE JUST RELEASED
THE MEDICAL EXAMINER'S RULING
THAT MS. STANGARD'S DEATH
WAS INDEED A HOMICIDE.
THIS COMES A WEEK AFTER
SHE WAS DISCOVERED DECEASED
IN A WATER TANK AT HER SORORITY
HOUSE, KAPPA KAPPA THETA.
WANT TO KNOW THE BEST PART
ABOUT THAT?
'CAUSE CORPSES
CRAP THEMSELVES.
SO THE SORORITY GIRLS WERE ALL
DRINKING THEIR FRIEND'S POOP.
[ GROANS ]
HEY, IS
PROFESSOR KEATING IN?
SHH.
NO SUSPECTS
HAVE BEEN ANNOUNCED,
BUT WE DO KNOW POLICE
SPENT THE MORNING
INTERVIEWING HER BOYFRIEND,
GRIFFIN O'REILLY,
A STAR OF THE MIDDLETON
FOOTBALL TEAM.
GET OUT OF MY APARTMENT!
MR. GIBBONS.
DID YOU DO WHAT I ASKED?
UH, YES.
WELL DONE.
DID YOU LOOK INSIDE?
I-I DID, BUT I ACTUALLY
FOUND A DISCREPANCY
BETWEEN WHAT
THE SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT SAYS
VERSUS WHAT'S IN THE
PROSECUTION'S MURDER BOOK.
WHAT KIND OF DISCREPANCY?
A NAME.
THE MURDER BOOK
SAYS THE HUNTING KNIFE
WAS FOUND ON THE FRONT LAWN
BY OFFICER JAKE --
DORSEY. JAKE DORSEY.
REALLY?
SO YOU'RE NOT OFFICER
CHAD MULLENS?
YOUR HONOR, I'M NOT SURE
WHAT MS. KEATING
IS INSINUATING HERE --
I'M NOT INSINUATING ANYTHING.
I'M JUST READING FROM
THE SUPPLEMENTAL ARREST REPORT,
WHICH SAYS THAT OFFICER MULLENS
FOUND THE HUNTING KNIFE,
NOT OUR WITNESS HERE.
OR AM I MISREADING THE NAME,
OFFICER DORSEY?
UH...NO.
SAYS OFFICER MULLENS.
AN OFFICER
WHO I RECENTLY FOUND OUT
IS UNDER INVESTIGATION
FOR DRINKING ON THE JOB,
WHICH EXPLAINS WHY YOUR BOSS
MIGHT WANT TO KEEP HIS NAME
OFF OF THE OFFICIAL
ARREST REPORT,
MAYBE EVEN CHANGING HIS NAME
FOR YOURS.
YOUR HONOR,
CAN WE TAKE A RECESS?
AFTER WE GET THE KNIFE THROWN
OUT, WE ATTACK THE MOTIVE.
ANY THOUGHTS?
Laurel: I HAD ONE.
PROSECUTION'S GOING TO USE
MARJORIE'S BEST FRIEND
TO SAY THAT SHE WANTED
TO DIVORCE MAX,
WHICH WOULD HAVE ELIMINATED
HIS INHERITANCE PER THE PRENUP
AND THEREBY
GIVING HIM MOTIVE TO KILL.
I LOOKED INTO DISCREDITING
THE FRIEND,
BUT I COULDN'T FIND ANYTHING
JUST YET.
I CAN MAKE THAT HAPPEN.
WHY DON'T I HELP?
Oliver: YOU KNOW, USUALLY
I REQUIRE DINNER BEFORE I AGREE
TO ILLEGALLY HACK
INTO A RICH OLD LADY'S COMPUTER.
WEDNESDAY.
WHAT?
DINNER.
YOU AND ME.
AND THE FASTER YOU TYPE,
THE FASTER YOU GET YOUR REWARD.
Annalise: MRS. TAYLOR.
YOU CLAIM THAT YOUR BEST FRIEND
MARJORIE SPOKE TO YOU
ABOUT DIVORCING MAX
NEARLY A YEAR AGO.
YES.
EVEN THOUGH YOU WROTE
THE FOLLOWING TOAST
AT THEIR ANNIVERSARY PARTY
ABOUT TWO MONTHS AGO.
"I HAVEN'T SEEN TWO PEOPLE
MORE IN LOVE
"SINCE THE CAPTAIN AND MARIA
PERFORMED THEIR FIRST DANCE
IN FRONT
OF THE VON TRAPP CHILDREN."
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE A COUPLE
ABOUT TO DIVORCE TO ME.
HOW IN THE HELL
DO YOU FIND THIS CRAP?
YOU'LL NEVER KNOW.
Annalise: THE ALIBI'S NEXT.
MAX CLAIMS HE WAS OUT FOR A WALK
WHEN THE MURDER OCCURRED,
SO WE NEED A NEIGHBOR
WHO SAW HIM.
FRANK...
TAKE WHO YOU NEED.
YOU TWO --
PROM QUEEN AND DOUCHEFACE.
COME WITH ME.
Michaela: THIS IS YOU
HAZING US, RIGHT?
YOU DON'T SERIOUSLY DIG
THROUGH STRANGERS' TRASH
ON A NORMAL BASIS.
YOU WANT A DESK JOB,
GO TO A CORPORATE FIRM.
NOW GET IN THERE
AND FIND US A WINNER.
BOO-YAH!
THIS IS A RECEIPT
FROM RISQUé BUSINESS.
THAT IS A STRIP CLUB,
AND IT IS DOWN ON --
CASTER AVE., YEAH.
THIS IS GOOD.
I DOUBT DAD WILL WANT MOM
TO FIND OUT
ABOUT WHERE HE'S SPENDING
THE KIDS' TUITION.
IT WAS AROUND 8:30 WHEN
I TOOK OUT THE TRASH THAT NIGHT.
RIGHT AFTER OUR NIGHTLY
FAMILY DINNER.
Annalise: AND WHAT DID YOU SEE
WHILE YOU WERE OUTSIDE?
A MAN WALKING ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE STREET.
AND DID YOU RECOGNIZE
THE MAN?
WELL, IT WAS VERY DARK
THAT NIGHT,
BUT I THINK IT'S VERY POSSIBLE
THAT IT WAS MY NEIGHBOR,
MR. ST. VINCENT.
THE PROSECUTION HAS RESTED,
SO THE FIRST WITNESS TO TAKE THE
STAND WILL BE MAX'S DAUGHTER.
I NEED SOMEONE TO WRITE UP
THE PREP QUESTIONS.
I'LL DO IT.
FRANK'S GIRL. GOOD.
HAVE THEM ON MY DESK
BY MIDNIGHT.
I'LL MEET YOU BACK
AT THE HOUSE.
LET ME GUESS.
YOU WERE SENT TO TELL ME
TO STOP EMBARRASSING COPS
ON THE STAND.
YOU NEED TO BE CAREFUL.
THERE'S GONNA BE PUSHBACK.
IS THAT A THREAT?
NOT FROM ME.
YOU HAVEN'T RETURNED
MY CALLS.
I'M NOT HERE
TO TALK ABOUT US.
SO THAT'S IT?
WE'RE DONE?
ARE YOU SURPRISED?
YOU KNOW I NEVER SET OUT
TO HURT YOU ON PURPOSE.
YOU BLACKMAILED ME
ON THE STAND,
MADE ME SELL OUT
MY DEPARTMENT.
I'LL BE LUCKY IF THE CHIEF
GIVES ME ANOTHER CASE ALL YEAR.
I'LL TALK TO HIM.
YOU'RE THE LAST PERSON I WANT
TALKING FOR ME RIGHT NOW.
NOW, I'M TRYING
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT.
DON'T YOU WANT ME
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT?
I'M DONE WITH YOUR CRAZY.
NATE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?
YOU WON YOUR CASE,
GOT LAID.
SO HOW ELSE CAN I BE
OF SERVICE TO YOU?
YOU CALL ME AGAIN,
AND I SWEAR TO GOD
I'LL TELL YOUR HUSBAND
EVERY DIRTY, NASTY THING
I DID TO YOU
UNDER HIS OWN ROOF.
Conner: ♪ ALL IS CALM ♪
♪ ALL IS BRIGHT ♪
♪ ROUND YON ♪
Man:
IS THAT ALL FOR YOU?
ROOM 203, PLEASE.
IT'S ME. DON'T WORRY.
IT'S A NEW PHONE.
I KNOW, BUT I JUST WANTED
TO TELL YOU
WE'RE TAKING CARE OF IT.
THEY DIDN'T WANT TO AT FIRST,
BUT I GOT THEM TO COME AROUND.
WE'RE GONNA PROTECT YOU.
SAM?
[ SHOWER RUNNING ]
Sam:
I'LL BE OUT IN A MINUTE.
HAVE YOU EATEN YET?
NO.
HOW ABOUT
THAT INDIAN PLACE?
THEY TAKE FOREVER
TO DELIVER,
BUT I'LL PICK IT UP
IF YOU WANT TO CALL.
[ SHOWER STOPS ]
ANNIE?
EVERYTHING OKAY?
YEAH.
INDIAN SOUNDS GOOD.
OKAY.
GREAT.
WELL, LOOK AT US.
YOU ON YOUR WAY HOME FROM WORK
AND ME ON MY WAY THERE.
SHIPS IN THE NIGHT.
UH, HEY, UH, SO I SAW
YOUR FRIEND ON THE NEWS --
THE FOOTBALL PLAYER,
ABOUT HIS GIRLFRIEND,
LILA STANGARD.
AND?
I JUST WANTED
TO SAY SORRY...
IF SHE WAS YOUR FRIEND,
TOO.
SHE WASN'T.
YOU A COP OR SOMETHING?
[ CHUCKLES ]
THE NEWS SAID THE COPS
WERE QUESTIONING HIM.
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU KNEW DON'T EVER TALK
TO THEM WITHOUT A LAWYER.
YEAH. I KNOW.
I'M NOT AN IDIOT,
AND YOU'RE NOT A LAWYER.
YOU'RE MAKING ME LATE.
THESE ARE THE PREP QUESTIONS
FOR THE DAUGHTER.
GREAT.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT?
I THOUGHT ABOUT
WHAT YOU SAID,
WHY, UH, WHY ANY OF US
ARE HERE,
AND I KNOW NOW
THAT CONNOR AND MICHAELA
WERE BOTH TOP
OF THEIR CLASS,
ASHER, HE'S GOT HIS FATHER,
AND WES, I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE ANNALISE
LIKES HIM.
A LOT.
AND ME [CHUCKLES]
IT'S, UH, FRANK, RIGHT?
I MEAN, HE PICKED ME,
NOT PROFESSOR KEATING.
[ SIGHS ]
I LOOK NICE, I KNOW,
BUT THAT'S JUST MY FACE.
AND YOU COMING TO ME WITH YOUR
QUESTIONS AND PERSONAL DRAMA
IS NOT
GOING TO MAKE ME NICER.
SO RATHER THAN ME TELL YOU
THE ANSWER
TO WHAT YOU JUST ASKED,
LET ME JUST SAY THAT
THE TIME YOU ARE WASTING
WORRYING ABOUT FRANK
IS TIME YOU SHOULD BE USING
GETTING ANNALISE
TO ACTUALLY LEARN YOUR NAME.
I'M DONE TALKING TO YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
Annalise: CAN YOU TRUST YOUR
CHARACTER WITNESS ON THE STAND?
THAT IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST
DILEMMAS AS A DEFENSE ATTORNEY.
YOUR CHARACTER WITNESS
IS TOO POSITIVE,
THE JURY FEELS MANIPULATED.
TOO HONEST, AND YOU SHOT
YOUR CASE IN THE FOOT.
WHICH IS WHY IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO PRETRIAL PREP.
Max: TEAM.
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET
MY DAUGHTER, ELOISE.
SHE'S FRESH OFF THE PLANE
FROM STANFORD.
SHE DROPPED EVERYTHING THE
MINUTE WE SAID WE NEEDED HER.
I'M GETTING A MASTER'S
IN POETRY.
THERE'S NOT MUCH TO DROP.
MM, ELLIE.
HE'S THE ONE I MENTIONED
IN THE CAR.
DAD.
THINK OF THE BEAUTIFUL BABIES
YOU TWO WOULD MAKE.
THE CHALLENGE IS IN ESTABLISHING
YOUR WITNESS'S CREDIBILITY.
YOU HAVE TO SHOW THEM
BEING REAL,
EVEN CRITICAL OF YOUR CLIENT.
Bonnie:
HE'S YOUR FATHER.
ARE WE REALLY
SUPPOSED TO BELIEVE
THAT YOU WOULDN'T LIE FOR HIM
ON THE STAND?
I LOVE MY FATHER, OBVIOUSLY,
BUT I ALSO LOVE MARJORIE.
IF MY FATHER HURT HER,
I'D INSIST YOU GIVE HIM
THE DEATH PENALTY.
SEE?
PRETTY AND SMART.
BE AS PUNISHING AS POSSIBLE.
NO TOPIC IS OFF LIMITS.
WHAT ABOUT WHEN HE SENT YOU
TO THE MENTAL INSTITUTION?
HE TOLD YOU
YOU WERE CRAZY, RIGHT?
I WAS 15 AND ANOREXIC,
JUST LIKE EVERY OTHER GIRL
AT MY PRIVATE SCHOOL.
AND I GOT BETTER.
BECAUSE YOU WERE ABLE TO GET
AWAY FROM HIS BAD PARENTING?
HE WASN'T A BAD PARENT.
HE'S ODD, YES, ECCENTRIC, BUT
IT'S JUST A DEFENSE MECHANISM.
HIS PARENTS DIED
WHEN HE WAS A CHILD.
HIS FIRST WIFE, MY BIRTH MOTHER,
DIED IN A CAR ACCIDENT
WHEN I WAS 3.
THAT CHANGES YOU.
MAKES YOU SCARED
OF LOSING PEOPLE.
THAT'S WHY HE CLUNG
TO MARJORIE AND ME.
WE WERE HIS ENTIRE WORLD.
WHICH IS HOW I KNOW THERE'S
NO WAY HE COULD HAVE HURT HER.
I GET THAT'S HARD TO BELIEVE
COMING FROM ME,
BUT IT'S THE TRUTH.
YOUR WITNESS.
YOUR FATHER MET MARJORIE
AFTER YOUR FIRST MOTHER DIED
IN SWITZERLAND.
IS THAT CORRECT?
YES.
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU
THAT WAS A LIE?
THAT YOUR FATHER AND MARJORIE
WERE HAVING AN AFFAIR.
NO, MY MOTHER DIED
BEFORE THEY MET.
IN A CAR ACCIDENT.
OR AT LEAST THAT'S
WHAT YOUR FATHER TOLD YOU.
YOUR HONOR, IF THE PROSECUTOR
WANTS TO TESTIFY,
SWEAR HER IN.
THE STATE WOULD LIKE
TO INTRODUCE
THE CERTIFIED
SWISS DEATH REPORT
FOR MR. ST. VINCENT'S
FIRST WIFE, ELIZABETH SIMS.
IT'S BEEN TRANSLATED
SO MS. ST. VINCENT CAN READ IT
FOR THE JURY.
"ELIZABETH SIMS DIED
AT AGE 28
"FROM A DEEPLY
INCISED WOUND
OF THE UPPER NECK
IN THE MANNER OF HOMICIDE."
AND THE MURDER WEAPON?
A HUNTING KNIFE.
"STUART SIMS WAS PUT ON TRIAL
IN GLATTBRUGG, SWITZERLAND,
"FOR THE MURDER OF HIS WIFE,
ELIZABETH.
"THE PROSECUTION ARGUED
HIS MOTIVE
"WAS TO RUN AWAY WITH HIS
MISTRESS, MARJORIE TRASK,
"BUT STUART WAS FOUND
NOT GUILTY.
"THE FOLLOWING YEAR,
"HE CREATED A NEW IDENTITY
FOR HIM AND HIS DAUGHTER
"AS MAX AND ELOISE ST. VINCENT,
THEN SETTLED IN PHILADELPHIA
WITH MARJORIE
FOR A FRESH FAKE START."
CHARMING.
I WAS TRYING
TO PROTECT YOU.
BY LYING TO ME
ABOUT MY ENTIRE LIFE?
HOW DO YOU TELL
A YOUNG GIRL
HER MOTHER'S BEEN BUTCHERED
TO DEATH?
WHAT GOOD WOULD THAT DO?
BECAUSE YOU DID IT, RIGHT?
AND NOW MARJORIE, TOO?
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
YOU KILLED
THE BOTH OF THEM.
YOU'RE A MURDERER
AND A LIAR.
ELLIE, PLEASE.
DO NOT COME NEAR ME.
I HOPE THE JURY
DECIDES TO KILL YOU.
I KIND OF AGREE
WITH HER, YO.
HELLO, STUART.
SO, WOULD YOU HAVE TAKEN MY CASE
HAD I TOLD YOU?
YOU UNDERESTIMATE
HOW MUCH I LIKE A CHALLENGE.
YOU LIE TO ME AGAIN,
YOU NO LONGER HAVE AN ATTORNEY.
FRANK, FIND OUT
HOW THE PROSECUTION
KNEW ABOUT
MAX'S FIRST TRIAL.
WHOEVER SLIPPED
THE INFORMATION
COULD BE
A POSSIBLE SUSPECT.
ON IT.
AND THE REST OF YOU,
PROVE I WASN'T WRONG
TO HIRE YOU.
Conner: I FORGOT.
I'M SORRY.
MY BOSS CALLED US
INTO WORK LAST MINUTE,
AND I'LL TAKE YOU TO DINNER
THIS WEEKEND INSTEAD.
HELLO?
OLIVER?
BOYFRIEND DRAMA?
I DON'T DO BOYFRIENDS.
WAIT, YOU'RE GAY?
[ CHUCKLES ]
HEY, BON.
IS SHE IN THERE?
YEAH.
SAM.
ABOUT YOUR STUDENT --
I JUST WANTED TO SAY
I'M SORRY.
THANKS.
IT'S BEEN A LITTLE ROUGH,
TO BE HONEST.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
Annalise: OH, I DIDN'T
HEAR YOU COME HOME.
HEY. I JUST WALKED IN.
REWORK THIS MOTION
TO SUPPRESS.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
HOW DID COURT GO?
WOW. THAT WELL?
MY CLIENT'S A LIAR.
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO ASK ME?
HMM?
THIS ISN'T YOUR COURTROOM,
ANNIE.
YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY,
SAY IT.
WERE YOU SCREWING HER?
NO.
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
I SAID NO!
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
DO YOUR WORK.
GOOD EYE CONTACT.
NOW YOU'RE JUST BEING
BELLIGERENT.
YOU'RE SURPRISED?
THAT MY WIFE THINKS THAT
I SLEPT WITH ONE MY STUDENTS?
WELL, SHE IS PRETTY.
SORRY. WAS.
OH, GOD. LISTEN TO YOURSELF.
YOU'RE ACTING CRAZY.
WELL, SHOULDN'T I BE?
IT'S HAPPENED BEFORE!
[ SIGHS ]
COME HERE.
LOOK AT ME.
ANNIE, LOOK AT ME.
THERE WAS NOTHING GOING ON
WITH ME AND THAT GIRL.
I SWEAR TO GOD.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S -- IT'S JUST THIS CASE,
THIS CLIENT.
I'M GONNA LOSE.
YOU SAY THAT EVERY TIME.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
COME IN.
YOU NEED TO SEE THIS.
I'LL LEAVE YOU GUYS
TO IT.
Annalise: THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO WIN THIS CASE.
WE PROVE THAT MAX, EVEN IF
HE DID KILL HIS FIRST WIFE,
DIDN'T KILL MARJORIE.
USE THIS ROOM,
LOOK FOR CLUES THAT WE MISSED,
EVIDENCE THAT CONTRADICTS --
JUST GET
INSIDE THE MURDERER'S HEAD.
WE CAN SWIPE THE ROOM
FOR DNA AGAIN
AND SEE IF WE CAN FIND
ANOTHER SUSPECT.
WE ALREADY RAN MORE TESTS.
DID YOU NOT FULLY READ UP
ON THE CASE?
Asher:
LET'S PUT MAX ON THE STAND
AND HAVE HIM CRY
LIKE A LITTLE BABY.
ARGUE THE MATRIX DEFENSE.
Wes: SLEEPWALKING DEFENSE.
BATTERED HUSBAND SYNDROME.
BIPOLAR MOOD SWINGS.
HE'S A HUNTER.
AN MSG MASSACRE DEFENSE.
HE'S A HUNTER!
Asher: YEAH, GENIUS.
I THINK THE HEADS ON THE WALL
MAKE THAT PRETTY OBVIOUS.
NO.
HE'S A HUNTER.
HE KNOWS HOW TO KILL.
Annalise:
YOU'VE BEEN HUNTING
FOR APPROXIMATELY HOW MANY
YEARS, MR. ST. VINCENT?
OH, PRACTICALLY
MY WHOLE LIFE.
SO, YOU'RE EXPERIENCED
AT SLAUGHTERING ANIMALS, THEN?
YES, IT'S ONE OF THE FIRST
THINGS MY FATHER TAUGHT ME --
HOW TO BE HUMANE,
TO MINIMIZE SUFFERING.
AND THERE ARE WAYS
TO ENSURE THAT?
OH, YES.
I COULD SHOW YOU RIGHT NOW,
IF YOU LIKE.
PLEASE.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
FIRST, YOU BEND THE NECK
LIKE THIS
SO THE CHIN
IS CLOSE TO THE CHEST.
THEN YOU PUT THE KNIFE
HERE --
Judge: MS. KEATING.
PLEASE EXPLAIN
THE RELEVANCE OF THIS.
IT'LL BECOME APPARENT,
YOUR HONOR.
[ SIGHS ] CONTINUE.
ONCE THE KNIFE IS
BY THE JUGULAR, YOU SLICE...
[ SPECTATORS GASP ]
...IN ONE SWIFT MOTION,
AND THEN, WELL,
IT JUST BECOMES ABOUT WAITING
FOR THE STILLNESS,
WHICH HAPPENS QUITE FAST
IF YOU'VE DONE IT CORRECTLY.
AND THIS TECHNIQUE --
THIS VERY HUMANE,
PAINLESS WAY
OF KILLING AN ANIMAL --
IS THAT HOW YOU MURDERED
YOUR FIRST WIFE?
YES, THAT'S CORRECT.
[ SPECTATORS MURMUR ]
SHE'S GIVEN HER CLIENT
BAD ADVICE
IN ORDER TO GET A MISTRIAL.
WHO SAYS IT'S BAD ADVICE?
MY CLIENT WAS ACQUITTED
OF THE FIRST MURDER.
IN SWITZERLAND.
DOUBLE JEOPARDY
STILL STANDS,
AND IF YOU'D JUST LET ME PRESENT
MY NEXT WITNESS, YOUR HONOR,
YOU'LL SEE THE RELEVANCE
OF ALL OF THIS.
REALLY?
THERE'S ACTUAL RELEVANCE
TO THE THINGS YOU DO?
HOW MANY YEARS HAVE YOU BEEN
CHIEF MEDICAL EXAMINER
OF THE CITY
OF PHILADELPHIA?
13 YEARS.
I LEFT LAST MAY
TO BECOME CHIEF OF PATHOLOGY
AT PENN STATE.
AND YOU'VE STUDIED
THE AUTOPSY REPORTS
OF BOTH ELIZABETH SIMS
AND MARJORIE ST. VINCENT.
YES.
CAN YOU DESCRIBE THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN THE TWO MURDERS?
WELL, AT FIRST BLUSH,
THEY LOOK QUITE SIMILAR.
BUT A MORE IN-DEPTH REVIEW
OF THE REPORTS
INDICATES
THAT THE FIRST MURDER,
A LACERATION
ACROSS THE NECK,
WAS DONE BY SOMEONE
WITH A KNOWLEDGE OF ANATOMY.
AND THE SECOND MURDER?
THE NUMEROUS SHARP INJURIES
WERE MESSY, INACCURATE.
THEY HIT BONE.
THE KILLER CLEARLY KNEW
NOTHING ABOUT ANATOMY.
MEANING THE SECOND KILLER
PROBABLY DID NOT HAVE
HUNTING EXPERIENCE.
DEFINITELY NOT.
IN FACT,
IT IS MY EXPERT OPINION
THAT THERE'S NO WAY
THAT THESE TWO WOMEN
WERE KILLED
BY THE SAME PERSON.
THE DEFENSE RESTS.
Wes: I THINK I KNOW
WHO THE SECOND MURDERER WAS.
OH?
ELOISE.
THE SUPPLEMENTAL
ARREST REPORT SAID
THERE WAS NO FORCED ENTRY.
WHO ELSE
WOULD HAVE A KEY?
SO MAYBE SHE FOUND OUT
THE TRUTH BEFORE WE DID --
THAT MAX KILLED HER MOTHER, THEN
STABBED MARJORIE TO FRAME HIM.
INTERESTING THEORY.
YOU NEED TO SEE THIS.
I GOT THE I.P. ADDRESS
OF THE COMPUTER
THAT E-MAILED THE D.A.
ABOUT MAX'S FIRST TRIAL.
CAME FROM A STANFORD
COMPUTER LAB.
ELOISE.
SHE SPENT SPRING BREAK
VISITING HER MOM'S HOMETOWN
IN SWITZERLAND,
DUG UP THE REAL STORY
HOW SHE DIED,
STARTED PLOTTING
HER REVENGE.
LIKE FATHER,
LIKE DAUGHTER.
BUT WHAT IF IT'S TRUE?
WE'VE RESTED OUR CASE,
MR. GIBBONS.
NOW WE WAIT
FOR THE VERDICT.
LAUREL.
SPEAK UP MORE.
I LIKE YOUR IDEAS.
AND WATCH OUT FOR MR. GIBBONS
AND MISS CASTILLO HERE.
QUIET ONES ARE USUALLY
THE MOST DANGEROUS.
WHAT THE HELL
JUST HAPPENED?
TOLD YOU
I HAD GOOD TASTE.
WE'RE NOT HAVING
THIS CONVERSATION AGAIN.
I'M NOT GONNA DO ANYTHING.
BESIDES, YOU'RE THE ONE
WE NEED TO WORRY ABOUT.
WHAT?
YOU THINK YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
IN THAT HOUSE
WHO NOTICES THINGS?
Judge:
HAVE YOU REACHED A VERDICT?
Man: WE HAVE, YOUR HONOR.
IN THE MATTER OF COMMONWEALTH
vs. ST. VINCENT,
CASE NUMBER P1082971,
WE, THE JURY,
FIND THE DEFENDANT,
MAXWELL ST. VINCENT...
NOT GUILTY.
YOU GOT AWAY WITH MURDER,
YOU PIG!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
OKAY,
I DON'T LIKE THIS PART.
YOU KNOW, THERE WAS
AN EASIER WAY TO DO THIS.
YOU MEAN THROW HER
TO THE WOLVES?
YOU OBVIOUSLY DON'T HAVE
ANY CHILDREN.
SHE KILLED YOUR WIFE, A WOMAN
THAT YOU APPARENTLY LOVED.
AND I'LL FIND A WAY
TO PUNISH ELLIE FOR THAT.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
YOU THINK I MEAN KILL HER?
[ CHUCKLES ]
NO, MS. KEATING.
I'D RATHER NOT SPEND
MY ENTIRE INHERITANCE
PAYING YOUR LEGAL BILLS.
WELL, I SHOULDN'T MAKE
ANY PROMISES.
NOW IS NOT A GOOD TIME.
NO, IT'S OKAY.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
NO. I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOUR BOSS NEEDS.
I'M NOT HERE FOR WORK.
I'M HERE FOR DINNER.
YOU REALLY THINK
I'M THAT DESPERATE?
THAT YOU CAN BUY ME SOME TAKEOUT
AND BAT YOUR EYES
AND I'LL GET DOWN ON MY KNEES
LIKE SOME SAD TWINK.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU'RE TOO OLD TO BE A TWINK.
OKAY.
BUT TONIGHT, I DO YOU.
SAM?
Sam: IN HERE.
WHAT'S THIS ALL ABOUT?
WE ARE CELEBRATING YOUR WIN,
WHICH, LET ME JUST SAY --
YOU PREDICTED.
I KNOW.
HERE. SIT.
I'M GONNA HEAD TO THE CELLAR
AND GET US A BOTTLE.
DON'T MOVE.
ANNIE?
EVERYTHING OKAY?
I FOUND A BOTTLE TED AND LEAH
GAVE US FOR OUR 20th.
WHERE YOU GOING?
I HAVE A CLIENT WHO JUST
CALLED ME FROM JAIL.
I'LL BE HOME
AS SOON AS I CAN.
NIA'S INSIDE.
I JUST NEED A MINUTE.
NO.
IT'S ABOUT
THE LILA STANGARD MURDER.
IT'S NOT MY CASE.
I TOLD YOU --
I'M ON PROBATION.
I KNOW.
BUT SAM KNEW HER.
SHE WAS HIS STUDENT.
THEY WERE CLOSE.
HEY.
HOW'D IT GO?
FINE. GOT HIM OUT
ON A MISDEMEANOR.
ANNIE.
HMM?
YOU SURE WE'RE OKAY?
'CAUSE IF WE'RE NOT,
I'D RATHER TALK ABOUT IT.
I PROMISE IT WON'T BE
AS SCARY AS YOU THINK.
ANNIE.
WE'RE GOOD.
I PROMISE.
THEY WERE CLOSE.
YOU SERIOUS?
YOU THINK HE HAD SOMETHING
TO DO WITH IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHY?
BECAUSE SHE
WAS HIS STUDENT?
THAT'S YOUR CASE?
ONE OF HIS
CLOSEST STUDENTS.
WHICH MEANS HE'D SCREW HER.
YEAH.
BUT KILL HER?
WE'RE ALL CAPABLE
OF TERRIBLE THINGS, NATE.
THIS IS YOUR JOB TALKING.
IT'S MAKING YOU SEE BAD
WHERE THERE IS NONE.
BUT YOU GOT TO STOP,
GO HOME, AND TALK TO HIM.
HE TOLD ME
NOTHING HAPPENED.
THEN THERE'S YOUR ANSWER.
NO, LISTEN, ALL RIGHT?
HOW MANY TIMES HAS NIA ASKED YOU
THOSE SAME QUESTIONS, HUH?
AND WHAT DID YOU TELL HER
ABOUT US?
THE TRUTH?
[ BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY ]
HE'S MY HUSBAND, NATE --
MY HUSBAND!
EXACTLY.
YOU DON'T DO THIS
TO YOUR HUSBAND --
SELL HIM OUT
TO YOUR BOYFRIEND.
GO HOME.
I'M NOT GONNA SAY IT AGAIN.
NATE!
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE AT YALE
THE NIGHT SHE WAS KILLED,
AND I NEED FOR YOU
TO TELL ME THAT HE WAS THERE,
THAT HIS ALIBI CHECKS OUT.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO STOP MY MIND, ALL RIGHT?
TO KNOW FOR SURE
THAT HE DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
PLEASE, NATE.
ALL RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW
WHO ELSE TO GO TO.
I WISH IT WERE SOMEONE ELSE,
BUT IT'S YOU.
I NEED YOU.
OKAY.
ANNALISE.
BE CAREFUL.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
Officer: YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO
REMAIN SILENT.
ANYTHING YOU SAY CAN
AND WILL BE HELD AGAINST
YOU IN A COURT OF LAW.
Rebecca: GET OFF ME!
DON'T -- DON'T TOUCH ME!
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SPEAK
WITH AN ATTORNEY.
GET OFF OF ME!
IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD
AN ATTORNEY...
YOU'RE HURTING ME!
...ONE WILL BE APPOINTED TO YOU
AT NO CHARGE.
STOP IT!
LET GO, LET GO,
LET GO OF ME!
Wes: REBECCA!
DON'T SAY ANYTHING!
Reporter: THE TWO SUSPECTS,
GRIFFIN O'REILLY
AND REBECCA SUTTER,
WERE ARRESTED WITHIN
AN HOUR OF EACH OTHER.
THE FEMALE SUSPECT, MS. SUTTER,
WORKED AT AN OFF-CAMPUS BAR,
RUMORED TO BE THE PLACE
MIDDLETON STUDENTS GO
TO BUY DRUGS.
IN FACT, A JUST-RELEASED
ARREST RECORD ON MS. SUTTER
SHOWS A HISTORY
OF DRUG CHARGES,
INCLUDING THE SALE
OF HARDCORE NARCOTICS --
COCAINE, HEROIN, AND METH.
IT'S ME.
ROOM 203, PLEASE.
IT'S ALL HER FAULT.
IT'S NOT HER FAULT.
WES WOULDN'T DO THAT.
HE WOULDN'T, BUT SHE WOULD.
WE'RE GONNA PROTECT YOU.
Wes: REBECCA.
WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?!
I'M SORRY, BUT IT'S DONE.
IT'S DONE.
OKAY.
DON'T YOU EVER LEAVE ME
LIKE THAT AGAIN.
I WON'T.
I'M HERE NOW.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
YOU'RE SAFE.